When would you use a Playwright and
when would you use Storybook?
I think is the, the gist of it, or
at least that's what I'm going to answer.
So, with Playwright, you could,
by the way, use Playwright with Storybook,
and a lot of people do in order
to verify different things.
But the basic idea of Storybook is,
can I treat my components as units and
essentially create a unit test for
my component?
Whereas if you just do Playwright,
typically the Playwright runs on top
of the end-to-end test, which is
the application itself, and because
of that the end-to-end test is you're
not testing things in isolation, right?
So for example, if we go back to,
to our example of Chicago, and I don't,
there we go, it's running.
Sorry, the defaults are okay,
if you go to this particular example,
it is difficult for
us to assert that what's actually
showing here is the correct output.
Whereas in Storybook,
we can instantiate just a component and
then give it a data set
that we are sure about,
in this case bunch of points
that we know are diagonal, and
we can easily verify visually that like,
these are diagonal points, right?
So, Storybook is a way of getting
your individual components running in
isolation, whereas Playwright is
just running whatever you want and
typically you run Playwright
on the whole application,
so it's truly an end-to-end test.
Whereas Storybook is
essentially a unit test for
your components, it's not quite unit test
because a lot of things are in there,
but it's essentially a unit test for
your components.
>> Have you ever gotten to a point where
this kind of mocking scenario that you
made gets too complicated and you
almost need tests for the mocks itself?
Is that like a code smell?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah, how would you handle that?
>> So,
this typically happens with legacy code.
If somebody gives you a code
that you already have and
you're trying to mock it out,
you tend to create lots and lots of mocks.
It is a smell, but
it's a symptom of the fact that the code
you're trying to test there's too much.
And so, the solution I'm not
sure if it's feasible for you,
would be to refactor the code base
to make it into smaller tests.
Now, because it's a legacy code base,
maybe that might not be a solution, and in
that particular case, what you wanna do is
you wanna create more intelligent mocks.
So rather than having
mocks that individually,
I have to kind of essentially, if you
think about it, inside of our unit test,
we are training our mocks, right?
So if I go back to,
These were our mocks, I believe?
No, they were not.
Sorry, it wasn't Github, not clustering.
So here we are training, right, we are,
you can think of this as a training
the mark to do what we want, we calling
the results at specific order in order
to train the output to do what we want.
And so this can get cumbersome, and so
in that particular case, maybe instead
of using mocks, you actually make
a your own implementation of the fetch.
So that can be then can have many of
the defaults already set up in there, or
has typical places where you can
navigate with expected responses, etc.
So the way to deal with it is to create
more intelligent mocks for yourself.
But like the first level would be, don't
write code that depends on two Too many
marks, if that is not possible
because of historical etc,
the follow up would be make
your marks more intelligent so
that at the end of the day,
your tests are still readable.